ladies and gentlemen Ricky Gervais
[Applause]
[Music]
hello hello and welcome to the 67th
annual Golden Globe Awards live from Los
Angeles I'm Ricky Gervais thank you you
probably know me as the creator of the
office no you don't do you
you think Steve Carell oh he's brilliant
is new Steve Carell he's amazing as the
bumbling office manager where does he
get his ideas from
let's pay hundreds of millions of
dollars of put in every movie if you
can't be bothered to go to the cinema to
see Steve in action then none just
watching might be Thursday here on NBC
or if you think that particular version
of the show is jump the shark a little
bit sort of some of the forums are
saying then watch the original Fridays
that's been available so just just just
twelve episodes in a special quality not
quantity that's what counts
oh yeah so go and get that and I will be
making the most of this opportunity I'm
not used to these sort of viewing
figures let's face it Knorr NBC so
on a serious note just looking at all
the faces here it reminds me of some of
the great work that's been done this
year by cosmetic surgeons
you all look great I'm a little bit of
work done about cheek implants they put
them there which is annoying and aiya
I've had a penis reduction just got the
one now
and it is very tiny but sir my hands so
well I'm holding it looks pretty big and
let's face it I usually am holding it
I wish I was doing that now instead of
this to be honest for this
it is an honor to be here in a room full
of what I consider to be the most
important people on the planet because
they're just they're just better than
ordinary people aren't they know that we
all know that imagine a world without
actors oh god it doesn't bear thinking
about
imagine if I ever went on strike Oh what
would we do you couldn't replace them
you couldn't replace them with any other
profession lawyers or doctors can you
imagine a real surgeon doing what Hugh
Laurie does in house it would be
pathetic it'd be all over the place ago
where do I stand
it was my American accent well what's my
lines you know Hugh with the aid of
coaches have can eventually learn his
lines while saving lives he's a genius
how could you replace Kiefer Sutherland
in 24 I'd love to see a real
anti-terrorist agent try and defuse a
bomb in a busy train station in one hour
some of those scenes by the way where
Kiefer grab someone and beat them to a
pulp they weren't even in the script
the director just said keep rolling
we're working
but actors aren't just loved hearing on
it would they I loved the world over
because they're recognizable you can be
anyone you could be in the third world
okay and you get a glimpse of a
Hollywood star and it makes you feel
better okay you could be a little a
little child a little asian child with
no possessions and no money but you get
a you see a picture of Angelina Jolie
and you clink mummy
Oh
thank you
let's get on with it before NBC replaced
me with Jay Leno
well it's going well isn't it we've had
we've seen some worthy winners and some
not so worthy ones let's go no I'm not
gonna mention him now am i I'll be doing
that on my blog or Ricky Gervais is calm
I've had thousands of emails over the
past few days saying yoy was the
invention of lying not nominated I don't
know I just don't know maybe the dvd-r
in the water that's out choose day at
Walmart
[Applause]
so go and buy that one thing that can't
be bought is a golden bow officially
I'm not gonna do this again anyway
[Applause]
but if you were to buy one the mantasy
would be Phillip Burke
the next category contains a couple of
legends one of which we've already seen
Sir Paul McCartney fellow Brit so good
luck to him I shouldn't be biased but we
actually came over on the same flight I
didn't get to speak to him because I was
up the front in first class and he was
behind me in coach
saving money he spent an awful lot last
year I don't think you have to feel too
sorry for him he's doing all right
oh my think the serious fit now the
Golden Globes is shown all over the
world it is oblivious to color or creed
it doesn't just celebrate talent it
celebrates difference it crushes
prejudice and stereotype one stereotype
I hate is that all Irishmen are just
drunk
sweary hellraisers please welcome Colin
Farrell
[Applause]
this next category is a downer to be
honest it is for writing
we all know writers get way too much
credit in Hollywood and that's due to
the generosity of actors sometimes
mentioning them I mean but what would
writers do without actors I don't want
to keep going on about actors but
they're the most important ones okay
it's not the words you say it's how good
you look when you're saying them but
everyone knows that and that the great
thing about actors is they want to keep
moving forward
they're chameleons ever-changing and
leaving the past behind please welcome
Rachel off friends and that globe from
[Applause]
hello calm down calm down we're on the
home straight the next presenter is an
award-winning actress with special
powers in Die Another Day she used her
powers of seduction to win over James
Bond in x-men she used her powers to
control the elements in Catwoman she
used the power of being able to wash
herself all over and she's the poor for
behind the air it's brilliant
how you doing alright Cheers
about a couple I'm not gonna lie to you
listen up
I haven't offended anyone I didn't mean
it's not my fault there's a lot of
powerful people here so if I'd said hey
it's honestly I like a dream as much the
next man unless the next man is Mel
Gibson
[Applause]
[Music]
all right
[Applause]
the next presenter is not only one of
Hollywood's best actors he's also one of
the coolest men in the world I'm got a
bad word to say about him mostly because
he's got arms as big as my legs please
welcome the amazing Mickey Rourke
well that's it we've got about eight
seconds so thank you so much well done
to all the winners and if I could have
one wish it would be peace on earth
no can I change that I want everyone to
watch the Ricky Gervais show on HBO's
live from the starfield International
Hotel 68th
[Music]
and now your host for the evening ladies
and gentlemen Ricky Gervais
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you hello and hello welcome to the
68th Annual Golden Globe Awards live
from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los
Angeles it's going to be a night of
partying and heavy drinking or as
Charlie Sheen calls it breakfast
Wow whoa so let's get this straight what
he did was he he picked up a porn star
paid her to have dinner with him
introduced her to his ex-wife as you do
went to hotel got drunk got naked
trashed the place while she was locked
in the cupboard and that was a Monday
what what did he do New Year's Eve
anyway welcome the Golden Globes is
celebration of the best in TV and movies
over the last year voted for by the
Hollywood Foreign Press Association it
was a big year for 3d movies Toy Story
Despicable Me Tron seems like everything
this year was 3-dimensional except the
characters in The Tourist I feel bad
about that joke all right no no I tell
you why I'm jumping on the bandwagon
because I haven't even seen the tourist
who has no it must be good because it's
nominated so shut up okay and I'd like
to quash this ridiculous rumor going
round that the only reason the tourist
was nominated was so the Hollywood
Foreign Press could hang out with Johnny
Depp and Angelina Jolie that is that is
rubbish that is not the only reason they
also accepted bribes let's
[Applause]
No all that happened was some of them
were taken to see cher in concert how
the hell is that a bribe really wanna go
to see cher no why not because it's not
1975 there are a lot of big films that
didn't get nominated this year nothing
for Sex in the City - no I was sure the
Golden Globe for special effects would
go to the team that airbrushed that
poster
great job girls we know how old you are
I saw one of you in an episode of
bonanza
[Applause]
also not nominated I love you Philip
Morris Jim Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor
to heterosexual actors pretending to be
gay so the complete opposite of some
famous Scientologists then
probably my lawyer has helped me with a
word thing about joke they're not here
okay there's been some great new TV
drama this year like Boardwalk Empire
and The Walking Dead so talking of The
Walking Dead congratulations to Hugh
Hefner who was getting married at the
age of 84 to 24 year old Beauty Crystal
Harris when she was asked why she was
marrying him she said because he lied
about his age he told me he was 94 Oh
don't worry hold out and just just don't
look at it when you touch it
[Applause]
a warden and
one of the biggest events in TV this
year was the finale of lost one of my
favorites and that all the questions
were answered the air I have to say
though it was quite a complicated finale
I'm not sure I totally understood it all
but from what I can make out I'm pretty
sure the fat one at them all I think
should we get on with it our first
presenter is beautiful talented and
Jewish apparently Mel Gibson told me
that he's obsessed
please welcome Scarlett Johansson you
know our next presenter from such films
as Hudson Hawk look who's talking
mercury rising color of night Fifth
Element hearts war please welcome Ashton
Kutcher's dad Bruce Willis
[Applause]
[Music]
sometimes Holly was done Hollywood does
provide you with outrageous fortune
next up Eva Longoria has the daunting
task of introducing the president of the
Hollywood Foreign Press that's nothing I
just had to help him off the toilet and
pop his teeth in
was messy please welcome the evils of
Gloria
[Music]
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome the
president of the Hollywood Foreign Press
Phillip Burke
[Music]
[Applause]
Thank You Eva and Rikki next time you
want me to help you qualify your movies
go another guy all right I love this
next presenter
he's so called he's the star of Iron Man
two girls and a guy Wonder Boys sorry
these porn films what Kiss Kiss Bang
Bang Bowfinger really up the Academy
come on
he has done all those films but many of
you in this room probably know him best
from such facilities as the Betty Ford
Clinic and Los Angeles County Jail
please welcome Robert Downey jr.
[Applause]
[Music]
aside from the fact that it's been
hugely mean-spirited with mild leave
sinister undertone I say the vibe the
show is pretty good so far wouldn't you
I myself a veteran of sorts and I've
made somewhat of a study of this tell me
if I'm wrong I don't know if an actress
can do her best work until I slept with
her
Julianne
told her that I was working with strays
new feelings that were confusing me
Angie only to have her blow me off
halfway through the shoot like it never
happened a net or casually mentioned
that her boyfriend is coming for a
location visit because he misses her and
what they have is real then have a gall
to invite me to join them at a three top
for dinner and why
now I'm not trying to creep anyone out
but where's em on
[Applause]
I think I got some first it's kind of
like a Blue Valentine thing but not
age-appropriate now I'm not saying that
my theory doesn't hold water but somehow
all of these women rendered exquisite
performances without a shred of help
from me so I guess I'm just saying if I
could I'd give it all five of you
at once the award right here center
stage in front of my wife the audience
and millions of viewers our next
presenters are two of the funniest
people in America she stole the show on
Saturday Night Live then went on to
create write and star their own show 30
rock he was a job in actor career not
going that well if I'm being totally
honest who who got his big break when I
cast him in a remake of a show that I
created called the office he's now
leaving that show and killing a cash cow
for both of us please welcome the
wonderful Tina Fey and the ungrateful
Steve
[Applause]
[Music]
I love it never gets old
tonight we stand before you not as
Golden Globe Award winners but as
writers don't turn the channel we're
still stars but as stars who are also
writers it gives us great pleasure to
honor the nominees for Best Screenplay
screenplays we could have written if we
had that time like the one about the
mountain climber I would have given my
right arm to have written that there's a
story of a couple of lesbians lesbian
couple there's a complicated sci-fi
thriller starring Leonardo DiCaprio not
unlike my dreams mine as well there's
also the story of Britain's King George
VI
six-five and finally the true life story
of social networking and how it ruins
our ability to interact one-on-one I
heard about that movie on Facebook from
a friend I never
[Music]
welcome back now
our next presenters are young and thin
with the hair and teeth they're lovely
to look at which is just as well because
they're presenting the Award for Best
Foreign Language Film a category that no
one in America cares about
please welcome Olivia Wilde and Robert
Pattinson
[Applause]
[Music]
Jeremy fire
here are the nominees for Best
Supporting Actress in a motion picture
okay what can I say about our next two
presenters the first is an actor
producer writer and director whose
movies have grossed over three and a
half billion dollars at the box office
he's won two Academy Awards and three
Golden Globes for his powerful and
varied performances starring in such
films as Philadelphia Forrest Gump
castaway Apollo 13 and Saving Private
Ryan the other is Tim Allen
[Music]
[Applause]
bueno like like many of you we recall
back when ricky gervais swears a
slightly chubby but very kind comedian
neither of which is he now
hello and welcome back
the next presenter is the national
treasure Miss Congeniality yourself this
down-to-earth girl next door
first stole our hearts and a bus driver
and then as a railway fare collector now
of course she wouldn't be seen dead on
public transport because the she just
said to me backstage poor people are
gross and they smell bad
please welcome Sandra Bullock
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you very much that's about it
well done justice there Thanks everyone
in the room for being good sports thanks
to NBC thanks to the Hollywood Foreign
Press thank you for watching at home and
thank you to God for making me an
atheist thank you Hotel welcome Jonah
69th Annual Golden Globe Awards and now
your host for the evening ladies and
gentlemen Ricky Gervais
[Music]
[Applause]
so where was I
nervous don't be this isn't about you
right
hello I'm Ricky device and welcome to
the 69th Annual Golden Globe Awards live
from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los
Angeles voted for by the Hollywood
Foreign Press Association tonight you
get Britain's biggest comedian hosting
the world's second biggest award show on
America's third biggest network so is it
for this for for any of you don't know
the Golden Globes are just like the
Oscars but without all that esteem the
Golden Globes
are to the Oscars what Kim Kardashian is
to Kate Middleton basically
well bit louder bit trashy bit drunker
and more easily bought allegedly
nothing's been proved but who needs the
Oscars not me I'm not Eddie Murphy he
walked out on him he said no and good
for him but when the man who said yes
for Norbit says no to you you know
you're in trouble I love Eddie Murphy he
loves dressing up doesn't he um
versatile is versatile no he is bit of
trivia for you actually Eddie Murphy and
Adam Sandler between them played all the
parts in the movie the help and they
were brilliant I can't believe they're
not here or maybe they are they're
masters of disguise they could be now
the Hollywood Foreign Press have warned
me that if I show any of you or any of
them or offend any viewers or cause any
controversy whatsoever they'll
definitely invite me back next year as
well they actually gave me a list of
rules I'm gonna ignore them but I
thought it would be good to read them
out okay this is real okay no profanity
that's fine I've got a huge vocabulary
no nudity see that's a shame because
I've got a huge vocabulary but a tiny
penis no that's true doesn't matter I
don't care it works don't worry about it
it's fine it's fine
I don't know smut or innuendo and I'm
not to libel anyone and I mustn't
mention Mel Gibson this year not his
private life is politics
his recent films and especially not
Jodie Foster's beaver I haven't seen it
myself I've spoken to a lot of guys here
they haven't seen either but that
doesn't mean it's not any good
sorry I don't care um it's been an
amazing year in show business it's not
all been good news what's with all the
divorces what's going on I mean Arnold
Oh Maria
JLo and Mark Antony Ashton and to me Kim
Kardashian and some guy no one had ever
remember he wasn't he wasn't around on
72 days a marriage that lasted 72 days
I've sat through longer James Cameron
acceptance speeches other celebrity
scandal Justin Bieber nearly had to take
a paternity test what a waste of a test
that would have been no he's not the
father the only way that he could have
impregnated a girl was if he'd borrowed
one of Martha Stewart's old turkey
basters open white and it's been a big
year for women in film bridesmaids one
of my favorite comedies of the year yeah
the girls finally prove that they can be
as wrong as the men farting burping
cursing performing wild sex acts even
pooping in the sink
I actually heard for a search the cast
spent the weekend with Dane Helen Mirren
she's dreadful honestly you don't you
don't see a lot of because she's got
good PR but she's off the rails but the
golden blows aren't just about movies it
also celebrates the best in TV as well
new shows like the amazing homeland
which is justing it's the magazine and
returning shows like Boardwalk Empire
and I love that show it's great it's a
pleasure it's about a load of immigrants
who came to America about 100 years ago
and they got involved in bribery and
corruption and they worked their way up
into high society but enough about the
Hollywood Foreign Press
I'm joking I love them and they're good
sports for inviting me back and what I
didn't know what they do an awful lot
for charity and their nonprofit
organization just like NBC so thank we
get on with it this time last year
our first presenter was the biggest
movie star on the planet but I insulted
his film The Tourist causing his career
to plummet so far that he was forced to
work with me on my new show life's too
short which premieres on HBO on February
please welcome the man who will wear
literally anything timber and tells him
to Johnny Depp
[Applause]
[Music]
just before I want to ask you a question
it's real you can have sent just
checking yeah and be honest are you on
recreational drugs I'm joking no that's
not the question how we will know the
answer have you ready I guess
have you seen the tourists yet
[Applause]
No
right we're already five minutes over I
don't know that's your fault I was bang
on I just checked okay professional keep
your speeches short you don't need to
thank everyone you've ever met or
members of your family that have done
nothing
towards this just do the main to your
agent and god they're that they're the
that's the two I think because in my
opinion I know for a fact that both God
and my agent had exactly the same amount
of input in my career so that's
it's gotta be done for our next category
we have two presenters one is in the
huge worldwide hit Mission Impossible
Ghost Protocol the second as we've heard
made her mark in comedy this summer by
defecating into a sink amazingly that's
still less demeaning than what most of
you have done to make it in show
business please welcome Melissa McCarthy
and Paula Patton
[Applause]
[Music]
oh it's going well it's Nick you're so
much better than last year's audience no
they had a right stick up their ass
thank you good there's a pecking order
here TV around the edge movie stars in
the middle our next presenter is rare he
managed to move all the way from the
back when he was on ER to right down the
front by becoming one of the biggest
stars in the world if he gets any more
popular or any more handsome here be
hosting this puppy next year here he is
the clue Meister general giorgio to Lulu
more than wolves on NBC
[Applause]
[Music]
okay our next presenter is the queen of
pop not you out and sit down this is
she's all woman I'll give you some clues
she's always vogue
she's a Material Girl and she's just
like a virgin please welcome Madonna
[Music]
[Applause]
if I'm still just like a virgin Ricky
then why don't you come over here and do
something about it I haven't kissed a
girl in a few years
on TV
hmm
oh hello come on moving on I can't wait
to introduce our next presenters
it's Salma Hayek and Antonia Bandera so
you can see why I'm excited
I've loved their work for many years and
I just got to talk to him for the first
time so I made up they're ridiculously
gorgeous specimens
they're extremely talented and probably
very interesting I'm not sure because I
can't
please welcome Salma Hayek and Antonio
Banderas nearly there nearly there it's
so good having a job where you can get
drunk and say what you want it's like
and they still pay you it's just amazing
for me our next presenter is British
like me but unlike me he's won an Oscar
for his brilliant portrayal in The
King's Speech
he's also swooned over by women I don't
see it I don't get it good luck to him
he's also loved by the critics all good
for him but what you don't know about it
is he's very racist in private I mean
really nasty stuff also I've seen him
punch a little blind kitten please
welcome the evil Colin Firth
[Applause]
[Music]
as I was on my way and I noticed some
very angry religious people outside with
some with big placards threatening us
all with brimstone and pestilence and
perdition for our sins Nate what they
don't realize is we have Ricky
[Applause]
[Music]
last year our next presenter won both
the Golden Globe and the Oscar for her
brilliant performance in Black Swan this
year she took some time out to have a
baby
consequently she's been nominated for
nothing
but really pathetic but she's learned
that valuable lesson that you all you
already knew never put family first
please welcome the very foolish Natalie
Portman congratulations to all the
nominees and all the winners and thank
you so much for coming and I hope you
enjoyed the goodie bags and the
champagne and the gold I hope that took
your mind off the recession for a little
while
Thanks good
[Applause]
is three-time Golden Globe winner and a
nominee tonight for Derek Ricky's your
face it's going well in it let's not
ruin it hey by me saying anything really
no one wants to see me insult any of you
rich beautiful over privileged
celebrities so no ordinary people at
home wants to see that because you're
better than ordinary people and you know
it they know it deep down start picking
on things you've done some of it immoral
a lot of it illegal
but if we've learned one thing it's that
famous people are above the law
as it as it should be so I'm not gonna
do terrible things you've done to get
here tonight Street Clooney I'm not even
looking at Katie Holmes so let's get on
with it before I say somewhat insulting
here are the nominees for Best Actress
in a motion picture comedy or musical
Amy Adams big eyes Emily Blunt into the
woods
helen mirren the hundred-foot journey
[Applause]
Julianne Moore maps to the stars web and
Johnny Wallace Annie
[Applause]
I've been practicing saying that last
name so I have a John Travolta moment so
I got I got away with it
I still watch that every day on YouTube
it's brilliant because he's brilliant
oh yeah and the golden glow goes to Amy
Adams big eyes
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you let's do the show
shall we on a serious note the Golden
Globes are about excellence to win one
you have to do something amazing neither
of our first two presenters have won a
Golden Globe I don't know what they're
doing here really I don't choose the
guests please welcome the fantastic
Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill welcome
back the Golden Globes doesn't have an
in memoriam section to get you all
depressed
instead we let the president of the
Hollywood Foreign Press say a few words
please welcome
Lorenzo Soria is the star of the
hilarious comedy the Martian
[Applause]
oh I nearly died right he's also the
only person who Ben Affleck hasn't been
unfaithful to please welcome Matt Damon
welcome back joy and trainwreck no not
the names of Charlie Sheen's two
favorite hookers the films of our next
two presenters their best friends by the
way they wanted me to tell you that and
if you forget they said they they tweet
you and remark basically that they're
come round and shout it through their
best friend it's like they've never had
a friend before please welcome Amy
Schumer and Jennifer Lawrence
oh this show is way too long in it it's
way too new this could be half an hour
[Laughter]
this one was in the writers strike when
they just read the winners and just okay
just go through it right
unbelievable some people still think
this award means something the winners
just listen to me listen it doesn't just
write when Brad and Angelina see our
next two adorable little presenters
they're gonna want to adopt them please
welcome Kevin Hart and Ken Jeong okay
right listen this is Josh just shut up
really seriously right a few years ago
on this show I made a joke about Mel
Gibson getting a bit drunk and saying a
few unsavory things we've all done it
I wasn't judging him but now I find
myself in the awkward position of I want
to introduce him again listen I'm sure
it's embarrassing for both of us okay
and I blame NBC for this terrible
situation now blames we know Mel Banks
listen I still feel a bit bad for it
right
Mel's forgotten all about it apparently
that's what drinking does no I want to
say somewhat nice about now before he
comes out so oh yeah okay here go I'd
rather have a drink with him in his
hotel room tonight than with Bill Cosby
please Malcolm now Gibson you filth
all of it welcome back to the Golden
Globes our next presenter is an actress
who is both beautiful and talented born
in England she came to America and has
taken Hollywood by storm the star of the
nominated movie the Danish girl please
it's a dude Eddie Redmayne
top thank you I'm afraid that's it we're
out of time from myself and now Gibson
Shalom hello and welcome to the 77th
annual Golden Globe Awards live from the
Beverly Hilton Hotel here in Los Angeles
I'm Ricky Gervais is thank you you're
you'll be pleased to know this is the
last time I'm hosting these awards so I
don't care anymore
um I'm joking I never did MBC clearly
don't care either fifth time so I mean
Kevin Hart was fired from the Oscars
because of some offensive tweets hello
lucky for me the Hollywood Foreign Press
can barely speak English and they have
no idea what Twitter is so I got offered
this gig by fax so let's go out with a
bang let's have a laugh at your expense
shall we remember they're just jokes
we're all gonna die soon and there's no
sequel so
yeah remember that but you all look
lovely old old up you came here in your
limos I came here in a limo tonight and
the license plate was made by Felicity
Huffman so no shush it's a it's her
daughter I feel sorry for okay that must
be the most embarrassing thing that's
ever happened to her and her dad was in
wild hogs so lots of big celebrities
here tonight I mean legends icons yeah
this table alone Al Pacino
Robert De Niro
baby Oh done oh okay that's Joe Pesci
sorry um I Love You Man don't have me
whacked
um but tonight isn't just about the
people in front the camera in this room
are some of the most important TV and
film executives in the world people from
every background but they all have one
thing in common they're all terrified of
Ronan Farrow he's coming for you he's
coming for you look talking of all you
perverts it was a big year it was a big
year for pedophile movies surviving
r.kelly
leaving Neverland to Pope's Dada Dada
I don't care I don't care
many talented people of color were
snubbed in major categories
unfortunately there's nothing we can do
about that the Hollywood Foreign Press
are all very very racist
so 5th time so we were gonna do an in
memoriam this year but when I saw the
list of people that had died it wasn't
diverse enough they just no it was
mostly white people and I thought now
not on my watch so maybe next year let's
let's see what happens no one cares
about movies anymore no one goes to
cinema no one really what his network TV
everyone's watching Netflix this show
should just be me coming out going well
done Netflix you win everything good
night but no no we got a drag out for
three hours you could binge watch the
entire first season of afterlife instead
of watching the show that that's a show
about a man who wants to kill himself
because his wife dies of cancer and it's
still more fun than this okay
spoiler alert um season two is on the
way so in the end he obviously didn't
kill himself just like Jeffrey Epstein
shut up I know he's your friend but I
don't care
you like to make your own way air and
your own plane didn't yeah right
but seriously most films are awful lazy
remakes sequels I've heard a rumor but
there might be a sequel to Sophie's
Choice I mean that had just been Meryl
Streep going what it's gotta be this one
all the best actors have jumped to
Netflix and HBO you know and the actors
who've just do Hollywood movies now do
fantasy adventure nonsense they wear
mast and capes and really tight costumes
their job isn't acting anymore it's
going to the gym twice a day and taking
steroids really but we got a we got an
award for most rip junkie
no no point we know he'd win that um
Martin Scorsese the greatest living
director made the news for his
controversial comments about the Marvel
franchise he said they're not real
cinema and they remind him of theme
parks I agree
although I don't know what he's doing
hanging around theme parks he's not big
enough to go on the rides
tiny
right the Irishman was amazing it was
amazing um that was my fact mostly it
was great long but amazing
it wasn't the only epic movie once upon
a time in Hollywood nearly three hours
long Leonardo DiCaprio attended the
premiere and by the end his date was too
old for him
even Prince Andrews like come on leo
mate you know you're nearly 50 son the
world got to see James Corden as a fat
pussy it was also in the movie cats but
no one saw that and the reviews are
shocking I saw one that said this is the
worst thing to happen to cats since dogs
right but Dame Judi Dench defended the
film saying it was the role she was born
to play because she I can't do this next
day because she loves nothing better
than plunking herself down on the carpet
lifting a leg and licking her
furball furball she's old school
it's the last time who cares
Oh Apple rolled into the the TV game
with a morning show a superb drama yeah
a superb drama about the importance of
dignity and doing the right thing made
by a company that runs sweatshops in
China so will you say you woke but the
companies you work for I mean
unbelievable Apple Amazon Disney if Isis
started a streaming service you'd call
your agent wouldn't you so if you do win
an award tonight but don't use it as a
platform to make a political speech
right you're in no position to lecture
the public about anything you know
nothing about the real world most of you
spent less time in school than Greta
Thumb Berg so if you win right come up
except you little Awards take your agent
and your God it's already three hours
long right let's do the first award the
first award
the first award is for Best Actor in a
television series Musical or Comedy to
present the award are a couple of actors
off the telly what can I say
Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon